JinSoul: Do you want to know who is Olivia Hye's alter ego?
(As you now, it's HeeJin!)
HeeJin: The fans watching the music video will know it's me?
HeeJin: I bet they will never guess who this is.
JinSoul: They're lying on like that.
JinSoul: Oh~ Awesome!
JinSoul: Wow~
JinSoul: Beautiful~
HeeJin: Hey~
JinSoul: Fighting!
(And here is the set for 3rd day of music video shootign!)
HeeJin: And...
HeeJin: I'm feeling like a reporter!
HeeJin: LOOΠΔ's first member HeeJin and Olivia Hye are going to meet each other
on this rooftop!
HeeJin: It's the last day of music video shooting!
HeeJin: Cheer up, Olivia Hye!
HeeJin: Our members~
HeeJin: Ogenki desu ka?
(Ogenki desu ka is japanese and means 'How are you?' in English)
(However, a strong wind on the rooftop makes it difficult to say 'I'm okay')
(Nevertheless, the two girls are trying their best!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/HeeJin - ViViD"